# PDXNode Organizer's Meeting 06/20/18

## Attendees
* obensource
* Kyle
* Michelle

## Topics
* Nodebots Day Planning
* Special presentation night at OSCON
* Spice things up with the Hack Nights.
    
### Presentation Night
* Michelle might be able to book a couple speakers via OSCON and make tie in our presentation night with the event.
* If any speakers don't pan out, Ben has backup speakers who've already expressed interested in giving talks.
* If we book speakers who will be in town for OSCON and get permission from O'Reilly, we will need to reschedule our meetup to be held the following week at the convention center.
* Michelle is verifying legal stuff around filming at OSCON for Kyle.

### Hack Night
* Thins are going well.
* Let's branch out and do a themed hack night in a couple months with a focused activity. People can still work on whatever they want if they're not interested, but will be fun to plan an activity and do it with a group of folks at the Hack Night.

### Workshop / Hackathon
* We're going to be hosting a [NodeBots Day](http://nodebots.io/#nodebots-day) event with Women Who Code on July 28th.
* All current planning can be referenced in [this doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_JWMF3byW1xrVYQ6z8KuPRDzEIQfMCJmIaobZCVU9qg).

### Current Needs

* Michelle, Ben, and Kyle won't be able to host the next Hack Night. We need hosting help!
* Need to determine if the OSCON Presentation Night is a go, if not we'll need to book speakers asap.
* Need to get out a [doodle](https://doodle.com/) to our organizers + Women Who Code organizers and book a day the week before NodeBots day to set things up with the hardware, and organize the event.
* It's conference season, so organizers should feel free to grab swag to give away as prizes during our presentation night quizzes.

### Website

* Ben will update the site with new videos, and add NodeBots day info.

### Sponsors

* Michelle has various sponsorship interests going, will follow up, and update us.
* O'Reilly may be interested in a monthly sponsorship of 2 books!