# PDXNode Organizer's Meeting 07/19/20

## Attendees

* Ben (briefly)
* Faddah
* Garret
* Martin
* Sam

## Topics

* NodeBots Day in place of regular hack night
* Presentation topics for August
    
### Presentation Night

Need speakers for August. Several options.
* Martin willing to present on MQTT protocol or other IoT-related demo. Might be a bit advanced for beginners.
* Sam looking at alternatives. One week to lock in presentation speakers or go for fallback.

### Hack Night / Workshop / Hackathon

NodeBots Day workshop moved up to July 25th, Michael's initiative. Difficult to run but we are going to try. Updated the Hack Night Meetup event (https://www.meetup.com/pdxnode/events/ngpncpyzkbhc/)
* Michael pushing forward
*Martin will be there to help
* Jordan (no update)

### Current Needs

* Speakers for August presentation
* Luck for hack night